damn tailpipes not hot enough to like
this relax okay I can get this open
anybody got a coat hanger oh I do oh no
wait a minute I took it out of my shirt
when I put it on this morning so if your
parents hadn't got divorced you'd be
able to answer a question like a normal
person look I just need a wire something
too Jimmy
oh hey one of you guys give me the
underwire from your bra what who has the
biggest boobs well that's the biggest
boobs has the biggest bra therefore has
the biggest wire if you want to get back
in the car we need that wire your call
okay Monica Zarr the biggest the tiny
little non dressed please gotta be
Rachel no no no mine are deceptively
small I mean that I actually sometimes
stuff my bra all right well then your
bra would still be big
no I stuff outside just compromise okay
Phoebe Rachel take off Monica's bra
Chandler what are you doing there is a
trash can right there well I thought if
I littered that crying Indian might come
by and save us Thank You Phoebe that's
very very generous okay now let's decide
who has the nicest ass
and there you go scissor no need let me
smoke it to the good part
oh right right I mean it's pretty
unbelievable you know I mean they just
took off took off without even looking
back no I know I don't need them so I'm
good you guys now as friends you and
Susan Susan will be so pleased
seven-one-seven where's seven-one-seven
so you have more of these for Susan
right no that's okay just put out
pickles or something thank God
Pheebs what why are you whispering I ate
a bug hey Rach the tampons here only a
penny let's stock up we ran out of gas
and we don't know where we are so we
can't get a tow truck oh now you want a
favor yes please
well I'm sorry your car broke down
Pheebs but I'm a little too busy with
some of my real friends right now but
please call to let me know you got home
safely okay you be hang on a second
yeah take my car go we both know you're
gonna do it cuz you're not a jerk okay
so you can either soak here for half an
hour and then go pick them up you can
save us both time and silk in the car I
am sorry that Rachel dumped you because
she fell in love with that mark guy and
you are the innocent victim in all of
this but don't punish your friends for
what Rachel did to you yeah you're right
Phoebe hang on a second Ross want to say
something what you slept with someone
else
where are you I'll find you it slept
with another woman oh you're one to talk
okay done what splat that's help spelled
backwards so that the helicopters can
read it from the air huh
what's a dufus spelled backwards what is
he doing here he is saving your butt
unless of course when I'm stepping on
some toes here in which case I can just
mosey on I've got plenty of people to
help on the interstate